So let's look at some ways that we can actually instantiate this point processor now.
Going back to my code over here,
one possible way is just to instantiate on the stack.
So I could just actually do process point clouds.
My template type here is going to be a PCL point XYZ,
and then I can just call it a point processor.
Another way is we could actually do it on the heap.
So one solution then would be to still have that declaration,
and now we're doing a pointer,
and we're going to be using a new keyword here to
do a point processor clouds PCL point XYZ,
and then use these open parentheses to instantiate it.
So you can do either way in this case.
Then when I create this point processor,
I just want to make sure that everything is able to build,
and then make sure that that executable is able to be generated.
Cool. So now that we have this point processor,
let's look at ways that we can actually start putting it to use.